---
date: 2011-03-20T10:46:05+00:00
draft: false
tags: ["gizmodo", "review", "iPad2", "quote"]
title: "No Like - iPad2"
---
Basically everything that was bad about the iPad—still is. It seems terribly silly and antediluvian that the iPad, this beacon of the post-PC world, is still so tightly tethered to the PC. Syncing it to your computer is still the very first thing you must do after ripping an iPad out of the box. Not very magical! For all of its other un-humanlike qualities, Android at least has this right where the iPad does not. This is kind of the core problem with iOS in general—as much as AirPlay alleviates the feeling that the iPad is a silo of computing tranquility, it still doesn't feel holistically connected, which has the pernicious effect occasionally of bursting the pleasant computing bubble you're in, landing you back on the earth with a resounding thud. I've got no problem with only having 16GB of space—but I want to really live in the cloud then, damn it. And while switching between apps feels faster than ever, notifications are still user-hostile. They literally accost you, pulling you out of whatever you're doing. They're not just bad, they're basically a dick move, every single time. The cameras are really terrible. Almost unbelievably so. And I really wish this screen—which is better than the first iPad's in terms of viewing angle—didn't look so last-gen next to the iPhone 4. Which you could argue is fine, except that whenever the limits of technology rear their head in a device that is otherwise nearly otherworldly in its ability to be special, they really hurt, like if you found a screw in your favorite cookie or something.